chore: update agg index docs (#288)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/sql-reference/10-sql-commands/00-ddl/07-aggregating-index/create-aggregating-index.md

## Syntax

```sql
CREATE [ASYNC] AGGREGATING INDEX <index_name> AS SELECT ...
```

> - The `ASYNC` parameter, when used during the creation of an aggregating index, need refresh manually. If `ASYNC` ignored, the aggregating indexes will refresh automatically, stay synchronized with the latest data updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ASYNC` parameter, when used during the creation of an aggregating index, means that the aggregating index will need to be refreshed manually in case of data updates. If `ASYNC` is skipped, the aggregating index will refresh automatically.
```
